how everyone in the selected will understand a very simple and interesting topic.
Elias is Elias is is just like a shortcut commands.
So in simple words,
suppose there is a Landy Come on,
like Ellis happen.
Antilla.
But I want a shortcut to that,
like I want to type a single character like L only and I want to get the same output as I
was getting in l.
A.
Seven idea.
Come on.
So in that case,
I have to create the Elia's So Elia's come on can be used to display list off.
All define Elia's so feel simple.
Fire Elias and enter It will see water.
Old Elia's has been defined for that user.
If you have logged into a normal user on If you're fighting Elia's,
so it will show you the aliases for that user.
I suppose there's a user like John and John has skated fuel e asses.
As for their,
you know,
you know the car Mandel S.
P s for their convenient.
No user wants that whenever he or she longs to the box,
those Elias is should be automatically up line.
So in that case,
users need to,
you know,
added this fine.
That is a bash profile,
Bashar,
See profile.
I need to put those ideas into that file.
So whenever the user is going along to the box,
those Elia's will be automatically applied for that using.
So let me long into the box and we'll show you how to,
you know,
create and use.
Elias is first of all,
I will show you the syntax off simple Aaliyah's you need to fire Elias.
Name any name you can give on here the common like any.
Come on for what you want to create,
Value us like so here.
I'm going to create an Elias for a common like up time.
Now I want to use only a single collector You.
So I have given Elia's name.
That is a shortcut.
Name is you.
For which Come on,
that is my up time.
Come on.
So this has been good or no?
So if I'm fighting up time,
I'm getting the output of that time on.
If I'm simple firing you,
I will get the same out because I have created a short cut off up time command that is a
single character,
a single character that is you like this way you can clearly no other Elias as well like I
want to create,
you know,
see,
notice for clear.
So clear is a common.
You can see that which will clear this screen Right on.
Let me care one more.
That is easy call to date.
So you found Bindi.
So these are the aliases I have created for user route because I have loved into the boss
as a usual route.
If I'm hiring Elias symbol,
come on.
Here.
You will see that whatever the Elia's have defined,
it is showing there.
So l e l c that is far clear on the data have created on this one up time.
So three el es I have corrected on.
Apart from that,
you can see that the system has defined fuel es by their own.
So the other's ideas I have not defined that has been defined by o system.
So that is one thing right now.
Suppose you know I want to,
you know,
create an alias for a user.
And before that support,
I won't.
Do you no remove or,
you know,
remove the Elias.
Then what is the common for that?
So That is an early US very simple.
And after that,
you have to give the Aaliyah's name so you can put you sew up time.
This one will be removed now.
So let me show you.
I can see then the output.
This Elias U is not showing there because I have removed at Elia's.
So it's very simple to,
you know,
assign are removed.
Elia's.
The next thing is,
you know how to do that.
How do you know?
Make it a permanent for any user.
So I haven't used a life,
John.
So I'm going to log into the box as John User.
So I have looked into the box as a user.
John,
I'm in this location.
You will see.
Ah,
hidden file.
That is Bash,
daughter.
I'll see.
I'm going to add in this file on the last time I'm going to put fuel es is so like this one
.
Elias,
This one Onda See,
that is clear.
Well,
I'm giving l that is far Unless I find an tear.
Andi And when Morelia's I want to give like you can give any Ah,
yes,
that is up to you.
Suppose you know Ah,
I have a common like,
um Okay,
so So a little bit coming.
Like,
um,
up did you can put,
like,
update on here.
You give e m object three in?
Well,
yes,
I have different for that either.
So if I am fighting Elias here so that it is not going to show you because to make it,
you know,
visible there.
I have to re log into the system as it uses John.
So I'm using such user created from here.
If I am finding see here,
you can see that as a heart is not applied.
So I need to,
you know,
re log into the box as they use up.
John,
all my Elia's has been applied.
If you want to see,
you can check it with that.
I can see that this sea is clearly showing that this,
um,
update on this.
The 3rd 1 is my this one.
Let's have an idea.
So if I'm fighting,
l only you can see that I'm getting the same output.
Ellis,
have an idea.
Let me go to tamp location.
You can see that I am getting out output at same.
I will be getting over with less of an idea.
Okay.
Sees what?
Clear.
So that is for for money,
right?
So I never But John user is going too long into the box,
so these areas will be automatically,
you know,
applied.
They suppose,
you know,
if I'm fighting Elias here,
even see that different ideas are there.
Suppose I am firing this Alice Common.
So here you can see that the system has already applied Somalia's for them in the L s
command.
You will see that some color is coming,
because off this,
like so it's basically just running this.
Come on.
So that's why you know I'm getting seen or different color for this blue color is coming.
Okay.
Suppose I want to,
you know,
ignore any ideas and he has already created.
And I want to ignore it,
like this one.
You can see some,
you know,
colored output is there.
So this Elliot I want to ignore.
So if you want to,
you know,
ignore any Elias you can simple use this backs less.
Alice.
I can see that I'm getting our put off.
Only ls.
Come on.
The only earth which was defined for Ellis has been ignored now.
So this way I can ignore and Elia's as well they If I am fighting the C,
I scared me clear.
But if I am oneness slash C,
it is going to ignore this one.
You can also use this one double court as well,
so this will do the same thing as your satisfaction.
ISS.
So from the vessel for destructive hope.
You have got an i d off Elia's startling practice from yourself as well,
so they're solvable to in the next lecture.